that's right no hiring Scott here and as
you can see I got my Cotton's although
you're probably wondering why let me
reach down here in this dirt and I'm
Grand Prix only on a stomach and you
probably who's not believing what's in
here but it's some coin and I got my
boner we're about to go in my own studio
see what we got
hey y'all back again in my fine studio
and I got a big surprise today that
comes from Provident metals calm and
there's their information right there
really good really good people out in
Texas and this is the surprise and as
you can see I got my cotton glove oh
yeah what we have here today we have a
1/10 ounce American Gold Eagle and you
can see it says Liberty
it says 2012 and you got the Liberty
lady there and she's like she's like I'm
holding this branch and I'm just hoping
that the economy doesn't collapse but if
it does this is good stuff gold and
silver hats right copper - hey and don't
forget platinum and palladium they're
your pals as well in this economic
collapse so right there you got you got
Lady Liberty and she's got on this robe
and she's got a bat in the right hand
she's like if you come and try to
inflate the economy I'll beat you over
the head and just bat and then she's got
the olive branch and she's like if
golf's goods get too high just eat me
some olives and it says Liberty 2012 so
let's flip it over that'd be really
careful with this coin it's about the
size of a
about the size of a dime so let's see
I'm gonna have to figure out how to flip
this see I've got one one my camera in
one hand because I had to had to take
some some budget cuts and I don't have
my tripod so let's see if we can flip it
over okay actually I managed to do it
with one hand it's on the back here and
before we go to the back back let's look
so you can see the readed coin edge
really good really good crisp read of
coin edge and you can see the the the
knit if you got this in HD you can see
the knit and my cotton glove and on the
back it says United States of America
and you got the Eagle and he's like oh I
will fly around and protect you with my
gold eggs and then it says e pluribus
unum and then it says In God We Trust
and then you got always little Eagles
there and he's like he's like you won't
take Michael no no I don't give away I
don't give away the more the the gold
iron you got to make your own gold and I
think that's symbolic of well the
mentality of America nowadays is that
people are just sitting there Nast
and like this big Eagle is just gonna
fly over and be like here here's your
gold now it's not the way it should work
and unfortunately it does work like that
today but and then it says 1/10 ounce
fine gold a three dollar face value so
this coin is worth three paper dollars
I'm sorry five dollars it's worth five
paper dollars it's just really crazy to
think how how how on a daily basis how
much more worth
the paper dollars becoming so it's
really scary but don't worry cuz we got
you guys I'm the gold eagle and see he's
flying around up there so you know let
this coin review be a lesson to you
don't trust the government
there regardless of your political
preferences the government is well they
have their own secret agenda so be sure
to to stack and better protect yourself
against future inflation thanks for
tuning in as always feel free to share
this video and all of my videos with
others subscribe if you haven't done so
already it's eirick sky
it's youtube.com forward slash eirick
sky and i'll be sure to post more coin
videos here in my fine studio and if
there's a coin you hadn't seen yet let
me know and I'll see if see if I can
manage to get my hands on it let's do it
one more like flyby here so we're like
chirp chirp chirp cuz I'm in the Eagle
you know mic chirp chirp Wow look at
that fine yellow metal y'all have good